README.md, before:



![alt text](http://patsnacks.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/524x128xflask-font-prism-02-e1444044468717.png.pagespeed.ic.e09xraLMJj.png "Flask-PRISM")

PRISM is a simple way to manage your Flask APIs, providing consistent models, version management, access control, and more while leaving you in full control of your code. It's even super easy to use.

Check out this Flask-SQLAlchemy model that's using PRISM:

```python
from prism import p

class User(db.Model):

    # Define table name
    __tablename__ = 'users'

    # Primary key, user ID
    user_id = db.Column(db.Integer, primary_key=True, autoincrement=True, index=True)

    # First name
    first_name = db.Column(db.String(255))

    # Email
    email = db.Column(db.String(255))

    # Password
    password = db.Column(db.String(255))

    @p.api_representation()
    def as_data(self):
        return {
            'id': self.user_id,
            'email': self.email,
            'first_name': self.first_name
        }
```

Now in our API let's set up a route to return all users. All we do is return our Flask-SQLAlchemy models through a PRISM **ReturnableResponse**

```python
from flask import Blueprint
from models import User
from flask.ext.prism import ReturnableResponse

bp = Blueprint('api', __name__, url_prefix="/api")

@bp.route('/users')
def api_users_get():
    return ReturnableResponse(User.query.all())

```


Features
--------

- Easily manage your JSON models from a predictable location
- Insert permission based rules into your JSON output
- Models and permission checks can be easily versioned by passing a ``version=INTEGER`` parameter




### Installation

You can grab Flask-PRISM using pip (our Pypi page is [over here](https://pypi.python.org/pypi?name=Flask-PRISM&:action=display))

```sh
$ pip install Flask-PRISM
```

Instantiate our **Prism** object in a separate file, in this example it's in ``prism.py``
```python
from flask.ext.prism import Prism

p = Prism()
```

And finally, call ``init_app()`` during setup.
```python
from flask import Flask
from flask.ext.prism import ReturnableResponse
from prism import p

from models import User

# Setup flask like we normally do
app = Flask(__name__)

# Setup PRISM to see Flask
p.init_app(app)

@app.route('/api/user/<user_id>')
def api_user_get(user_id):
    return ReturnableResponse(User.query.get(user_id))

if __name__ == '__main__':
    app.run()
```




### Documentation

You can find all the Flask-PRISM documentation at [flask-prism.readthedocs.org](https://flask-prism.readthedocs.org/)




### Development

Want to contribute? Awesome!
If you've made a change you think will help other PRISM users, just open a pull request or raise an issue on GitHub.

If you're not already there, it's over at <https://github.com/patrickmccallum/flask-prism>

And when you need to vent your anger because you're not reading the docs, my Twitter is [@patsnacks](https://twitter.com/patsnacks).


### Changelog
##### 0.2.2

- Added documentation

##### 0.2.1
 - Initial release


### License


Flask-PRISM is distributed under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file included in this project for more.

Commit message:

Updated PRISM to v0.3.0 - PRISM representations can now contain other objects with representations. - Removed errant debug print statements

README.md, after:



![alt text](http://patsnacks.com/wp-content/uploads/2015/10/524x128xflask-font-prism-02-e1444044468717.png.pagespeed.ic.e09xraLMJj.png "Flask-PRISM")

PRISM is a simple way to manage your Flask APIs, providing consistent models, version management, access control, and more while leaving you in full control of your code. It's even super easy to use.

Check out this Flask-SQLAlchemy model that's using PRISM:

```python
from prism import p

class User(db.Model):

    # Define table name
    __tablename__ = 'users'

    # Primary key, user ID
    user_id = db.Column(db.Integer, primary_key=True, autoincrement=True, index=True)

    # First name
    first_name = db.Column(db.String(255))

    # Email
    email = db.Column(db.String(255))

    # Password
    password = db.Column(db.String(255))

    @p.api_representation()
    def as_data(self):
        return {
            'id': self.user_id,
            'email': self.email,
            'first_name': self.first_name
        }
```

Now in our API let's set up a route to return all users. All we do is return our Flask-SQLAlchemy models through a PRISM **ReturnableResponse**

```python
from flask import Blueprint
from models import User
from flask.ext.prism import ReturnableResponse

bp = Blueprint('api', __name__, url_prefix="/api")

@bp.route('/users')
def api_users_get():
    return ReturnableResponse(User.query.all())

```


Features
--------

- Easily manage your JSON models from a predictable location
- Insert permission based rules into your JSON output
- Models and permission checks can be easily versioned by passing a ``version=INTEGER`` parameter




### Installation

You can grab Flask-PRISM using pip (our Pypi page is [over here](https://pypi.python.org/pypi?name=Flask-PRISM&:action=display))

```sh
$ pip install Flask-PRISM
```

Instantiate our **Prism** object in a separate file, in this example it's in ``prism.py``
```python
from flask.ext.prism import Prism

p = Prism()
```

And finally, call ``init_app()`` during setup.
```python
from flask import Flask
from flask.ext.prism import ReturnableResponse
from prism import p

from models import User

# Setup flask like we normally do
app = Flask(__name__)

# Setup PRISM to see Flask
p.init_app(app)

@app.route('/api/user/<user_id>')
def api_user_get(user_id):
    return ReturnableResponse(User.query.get(user_id))

if __name__ == '__main__':
    app.run()
```




### Documentation

You can find all the Flask-PRISM documentation at [flask-prism.readthedocs.org](https://flask-prism.readthedocs.org/)




### Development

Want to contribute? Awesome!
If you've made a change you think will help other PRISM users, just open a pull request or raise an issue on GitHub.

If you're not already there, it's over at <https://github.com/patrickmccallum/flask-prism>

And when you need to vent your anger because you're not reading the docs, my Twitter is [@patsnacks](https://twitter.com/patsnacks).


### Changelog
#### 0.3.0
- PRISM representations can now contain other objects with representations! They'll be auto converted on the way out
- Removed stray print statements used for debugging

##### 0.2.2

- Added documentation

##### 0.2.1
 - Initial release


### License


Flask-PRISM is distributed under the MIT license. See the LICENSE file included in this project for more.
